well that about does it fast same daily
today I'm Derek wait a famous European
racing series coming to the United
States at 2013 any guesses no will tell
you what it is also BMW recalls a
crapload of cars for faulty fuel pumps
hook is in Spain are required to
practice safe vest a dudes car dumps
into the sea while he takes a dump and
the new SLS AMG roadster is in our
internet rumor mill yes people it's that
kind of show today I'm Derek D you're
watching fast lane daily on a Wednesday
Oh
call it black and white stripes because
it's official what don't you get Ian can
you show him no not that no get there it
is yes get it right an official black
white striped shirt totally ruin the
joke okay DTM is coming to the United
States according to speedtv.com a
12-race us-based championship for DTM
will begin in 2013 questions are still
unanswered as to where exactly the
series will run and what the exact
partnership is with Grand Am and NASCAR
they are rumors the series will run on
either the same race weekend as a
majority of the grand-am races or NASCAR
Sprint Cup it's unlikely the main DTM
teams from Europe will fly over for each
of the thirteen us-based races what we
can expect is the series manufacturers
including Mercedes Audi and newcomer BMW
establishing satellite teams here in the
United States using the same 2013 models
that are being raced in Europe details
are still emerging so Leo will fill you
in with more on Friday and that's on
shakedown and news today from BMW they
were calling 150,000 vehicles for faulty
fuel pumps the affected models covered
include 2007 to 2010 335i models 2008
2010 135i and 535i models as well as the
x5 and x6 xdrive35i from the same years
did you follow as you can see there's a
trend here it's the turbocharged n54
inline 6 motor sold across the entire
brand BMW owners in the United States
have been complaining about rough starts
stalling at speed and the engine
tripping into limp mode for over three
years now limp mode huh sounds like a
drunk problem no anyway BMW has only
quietly tried solving and fixing the
problems now that the media has picked
up on the recall BMW is taking it a lot
more serious since a failure of a fuel
pump could shut off the engine and power
assistance for steering and brakes the
recall is being classified as a safety
defect BMW still only expects 40,000
vehicles of the 150,000 recalled to
actually acquire new fuel pumps but
better be safe than sorry
right that's what my mom always said
that's not the best girl now to our
weird news section of the day let me
kill you well you know what they say
when you gotta go you gotta go well some
dude in the UK who really needed to drop
a deuce parked his vauxhall omega at a
ferry to run in and use the bathroom
well when he came out he saw his car
rolling down the ramp and into 26 feet
of water he chased it but to no avail
that was the most expensive that guy
will ever take Hey and you gotta go you
gotta go sorry lost the car and if you
live in northern Spain and you're a
prostitute you better start wearing your
reflective safety vests yes you heard me
correctly police or should I say policía
policía are saying the sex workers
aren't getting in trouble for what they
do but for the danger they pose to
drivers many of these women work right
on rural highways and there are around
300,000 ladies working as prostitutes in
Spain where quote prostitution is not
illegal but profiting from the sale of
sex by another is so I guess being a
pimp would be illegal but if you're out
there on your own just to get yours and
that's perfectly fine Spain officials
released this jingle to go along with
the new law hey ladies don't just
practice safe sex make sure you wear
your protective reflective vest right
that's the jiggle they set out and
finally Auto Express has got the first
clear photo of the new sls AMG
convertible with its top down boom there
you go go to auto express co uk to check
out more photos might need to wear a
vest well that's it for fast lane daily
today I'm direct Ian Ian who's our hump
day girl the week all right well if
you're obtaining you gotta you drag the
same sex make sure you wear your
perspective this you get the ding in
there thanks
sweet I have a good week everybody talk
to you later we creek good either yeah
you're watching fast lane daily on a
Wednesday on a wet hen desde anyway BMW
has only quietly try to solve the
problems solve the fixing